Name: Joshua Braegger
Date:  April 16, 2006
Title and Author/Presenter of Article/Presentation: College Station man found guilty of dealing cocaine, by Craig Kapitan
Briefly State the Main Ideas of this Article/Presentation:  A man was found dealing cocaine in the Los Cucos Mexican restaurant.  He could be tried for up to 99 years in prison.
List Three Important Facts That the Author/Presenter Uses to Support the Main Idea:  1.  He pleaded guilty to two counts of manufacturing or delivering cocaine between 4 and 200 milligrams.  2.  Brazos Valley Narcotics Task Force agent William Pitmon went to the restaurant and asked for Nava, then Nava got another man who dropped off the drugs at the back door.  3.  He will probably face 10 years probation, and 6 months in prison as part of shock probation.
Show How this Article/Presentation Supports it’s Side of the Issue:  Obviously drugs are bad, and this article shows how there can be serious consequences to drug use.
Identify Holes in it’s Argument:  It doesn't say what will happen to Nava for sure.  As far as we know, he could get away free.  Judging by the courts, this is definitely something that could happen.
What Is a Good Counter-argument to the Thesis of this Article/Presentation?  There really could be no counter-argument to this article, seeing how the man was caught distributing cocaine.  However, the facts in this article could be false, since they are not specific enough.
What Point Could Be Added to it’s Argument?  They didn't say how the drugs can harm you, and I think that would be something that could increase the power of this article.  It didn't say what will happen to the purchasers of the drugs.  They will most likely just find somebody else to get the drugs from.
List Any Examples of Propaganda, Bias, or Faulty Reasoning That You Found in this Article/Presentation:  The faulty reasoning is the same as above.  The people who get the drugs will just go to somebody else for them.  It's all a matter of supply and demand.  People addicted to cocaine will continue to find a way for it, and people will continue to sell it because of the money involved.  The only real way we can stop it is to help the people who are addicted to not do it anymore.