Name: Joshua Braegger
Date: 4/10/2006
Title and Author/Presenter of Article/Presentation: Pastor Fired After Allegedly Forcing African Woman into Prostitution, KCBD Lubbock, TX
Briefly State the Main Ideas of this Article/Presentation:  A pastor brought an African woman to the US, and offered to pay for her schooling.  When she got to America, he said he would only pay her in exchange for sex.
List Three Important Facts That the Author/Presenter Uses to Support the Main Idea:  1.  James Cornell Clark was charged with "Compelling prostitution."  2.  The pastor got money from public speakings, which he used for "missions" to places like Kenya, where he got the girl.  3.  He was fired from the church.
Show How this Article/Presentation Supports it’s Side of the Issue:  Prostitution is obviously bad, and this article present it that way.  It tells of how he in in jail on a $150,000 bond.
Identify Holes in it’s Argument:  Why didn't the girl just leave?  She didn't have to say "yes".  The fact that she consented makes it seem that she isn't a "victim" as described in the last paragraph.
What Is a Good Counter-argument to the Thesis of this Article/Presentation? It is somewhat subtle how she was "prostituting".  He didn't pay her in cash, much like most prostitution is carried out.  She always had the option to leave, too.  She wasn't necessarily being "forced" she could have left.
What Point Could Be Added to it’s Argument?  This article shows that prostitution isn't how we normally see it.  Some people without a lot of chances in life are being forced to seek advantages by doing things they don't want to.  In this case, it's a girl who just wants to further her education.  To do this, she has to "sell" her body.  That just isn't right.
List Any Examples of Propaganda, Bias, or Faulty Reasoning That You Found in this Article/Presentation:  The article focuses a lot on the fact he was a Priest in a church, kind of bashing the corruption of religion.  However, this could have been anybody.  The fact he is a Priest doesn't really make a difference.
