Name: Joshua Braegger
Date: 1/2/2006
Title: Study finds state leads region in poverty, lags on job growth
Author: Mary Ann Fergus
Main Ideas:  The state of Illinois poverty level is terrible.
Three facts to support main idea:  One point they brought up is about how Hurricane Katrina came, and people were very aware of the poverty levels due to the media.  However, once the hurricane was over, people just went back to their everyday lives and forgot about it. Another fact is that Illinois has the fifth-largest economy in the nation, but it has the highest poverty rate in the Midwest.  Another fact is that 12.4% of the population is living in poverty.
How it supports its side of the issue:  The article gives blatant facts about the poverty level in Illinois, listing very specific income levels.
Identify holes:  I can't really detect any holes, other than it says that 725,000 residents live in "deep poverty" or approximately 6% of the citizens in the state.  This level is VERY close to what the rest of country is living in, yet they fail to mention anything about that, perhaps because it isn't a regularly nationally read newspaper.
A good counter-argument:  Even though the facts are shown about the level of poverty, it doesn't show the willingness of people to go out and get a job.  Even though some are not capable of a good job, due to lack of education, the household income SHOULD be greater than $9,000/year.  The minimum wage in the state of Utah is $5.15 an hour.  If you work 40 hours a week, 52 weeks a year, that is an income of $10,712.  There SHOULD be two people working in a household (whether it is husband/wife, boyfriend/girlfriend, mother/teenage daughter) so they should be making more money than that.
Point to be added:  I feel they should stress the importance of education, and how Illinois receives little funding from the government in order to increase education.  With increased education, people could get a better job, and be more productive in their jobs resulting in great profit for the company, resulting in higher payraises.  It seems education would be the most determining factor.