Name: Joshua Braegger
Date: April 21, 2006
Title and Author/Presenter of Article/Presentation: "The Crackdown Cracks", by Kim Clark
Briefly State the Main Ideas of this Article/Presentation: Corporate crime is started to go unnoticed.  White collar crimes are getting more and more unpunished, ending with the big Enron crackdown. 
List Three Important Facts That the Author/Presenter Uses to Support the Main Idea:  1.  There are fewer and fewer SEC investigators.  2.  The 2007 Bush Administration budget calls for a reduction in financing toward SEC investigators.  3.  Defense attorneys are becoming more aware of how to defend certain illegitimate crimes.
Show How this Article/Presentation Supports it’s Side of the Issue: It gives several points, like shorter sentences for white collar crimes, they're relaxing rules, and allowed companies to say "sorry" and give money (or bribe) in order to not serve jailtime.
Identify Holes in it’s Argument: With the fact that a war is going on, the government can't afford to spend money elsewhere.  I know white collar crimes and punishment is very important, but unfortunately the government can't afford everything.
What Is a Good Counter-argument to the Thesis of this Article/Presentation? Going along the lines of the argument stated above, there isn't a budget in the American economy to support this kind of these, regardless of if they find crime or not.  Even if they do find crime, they still need to buy lawyers in order to prosecute.
What Point Could Be Added to it’s Argument? The fact is that there are many corrupt companies out there doing highly illegal things.  Perhaps the best thing to stop this is to educate people to not do those kinds of things, especially when they're young.  Yes, I am saying that this generation has no hope, let's think about the next one.
List Any Examples of Propaganda, Bias, or Faulty Reasoning That You Found in this Article/Presentation:  In the article, it says "It all seems sadly familiar to corporate-crime experts like Dan Dooley".  Perhaps this is trying to pull attention toward Dan, to get more funding into his department.
