Name: Joshua Braegger
Date: 2/15/06
Title and Author: "Human rights groups applaud U.N. discrimination report" by Eric Johnson. The Japan Times.
Main Ideas:  Tells how badly Japan needs human rights laws, and how they have no laws currently that govern anything about human rights of foreigners.
Three ideas that support main idea:  1.  20,000 cases are currently submitted yearly to the Justice Ministry that concern human rights around the country.  2.  Surveys and indicators point to the fact that minorities live in a situation of marginalization and economic and social vulnerability.  3.  U.N. Special Rapporteur Doudou Diene critiqued Japan, and said Japan currently has no laws of the sort.
How it supports its side:  I personally feel it supported it very well.  It uses the facts it has very well, and shows that many people are in the need of some kind of protection, both economically and socially.
Identify Holes:  They never say what a "foreigner" is.  It would be a lot better if they could identify which ethnicities got more racial discrimination.
Good counter-argument:  Although people are discriminated against in Japan, it doesn't say anything about how long ago they migrated over to the country.  As history has shown, it can take a while for someone (or a family) to establish themselves in a country.  In other words, while someone may think they are being discriminated against when they apply for the job, and are denied an application, then they get all fussy.  It couldn't have anything to do with their race, but merely the fact that they can't Japanese.
What point could be added:  I think that it's very interesting to see something outside of the United States such as this.  We always hear about the Japanese people being discriminated against, but this shows that the Japanese can be the ones who discriminate too.  They may be even discriminating against white people.  It's just a way to see "outside of the box", per say.
Examples of propaganda, faulty reasoning, etc:  The article made it very clear that the U.N. Special Rapporteur was Doudou Diene, and gathered most of their information from what he said.  It *could* be just something to publicize him, and get his name known.  Other than that, mostly nothing.