Name: Joshua Braegger
Date: January 21, 2006
Title: Rise in gang violence takes toll on Oakland
Author: Kamika Dunlap and Harry Harris
Address: http://www.insidebayarea.com/argus/localnews/ci_3413023

Main ideas: Gang violence in on the rise in the Oakland area, with several different gangs attacking each other.

Three important facts:  The writers interviewed a 17-year old gang member talking about how many shootings he's been in and how many people he's seen shot.  Also, they told of another 17-year old who was walking with some friends in a bad part of town when he was shot.  Also, they tell that when they were interviewing, they would keep glancing at passing cars, and notify other gang members when a rival gang would drive by.

How they support it's side:  They have solid enough evidence of interviewing people upfront, rather than JUST studying statistics (which they also do).  They claim that 9 of the 94 homicides were confirmed as gang related, which was triple than that of the previous year.

Identify Holes in it's argument:  Not really a "hole", but the book describes that most gangs don't want to be in a bloodshed just because of another gang, but only get in a fight when they feel threatened.  The article says that several people were shot just for wearing the "wrong color of clothing."  It seems absurd that a gang member would actually do that sort of thing, unless that person wearing "another color" would do something to aggravate the gang.

Good counter-argument:  In the article, it says how many of the younger gang members will often shoot to miss.  That is, they are afraid of actually killing someone, but they don't want the opposing gang member to think that.  This could be said about all gang members, as it is human nature.  Also, nothing was mentioned about what the gang members were doing when they got shot.  They could have avoided it (as explained that someone can get out of it in the first four steps).

Point to be added:  Many of the killings could be avoided if the members could be more educated.  Many come from low-income families, or many don't even have a family.  If funding could be increased to get these people a better education, we could decrease violence dramatically.

Propaganda, bias, or faulty reasoning:  This article was somewhat good in the way of bias.  The only thing that was kind of biased is that it is preassumed that gang memebers want to kill the other gangs on sight.  This may not necessarily be the case with 100% of gang members.