Name: Joshua Braegger
Date: April 23, 2006
Title and Author/Presenter of Article/Presentation: "A balance in mental health", The Boston Globe
Briefly State the Main Ideas of this Article/Presentation:  They want to build a $300 million hospital, but they already have two hospitals and it is a huge cost for something they don't need.
List Three Important Facts That the Author/Presenter Uses to Support the Main Idea:  1.  In 2004, they estimated that the facility would only cost $70 million.  2.  In the 1970s, large state institutions were terrible at taking care.  3.  Campaigns of deinstitutionalization have been going on for years, and some severely mentally ill people were placed in congregate housing.
Show How this Article/Presentation Supports it’s Side of the Issue: The article gives a good visual picture of how the new hospital would look, and how it would be very pleasant to look at, rather than the 19th century buildings that look like prisons that they have now.  However, it makes the point that they can find a medium that doesn't have to cost so much money.
Identify Holes in it’s Argument:  It says nothing about how many people are in need of treatment that aren't getting it.  The entire point of building a new hospital is to give care to those who need it, but it doesn't bring out the fact of whether people need the treatment.
What Is a Good Counter-argument to the Thesis of this Article/Presentation? A lavish hospital would create more jobs, and most likely improve the community around it.  If the hospital kept itself up well, that kind of thing rubs off on the community around it.
What Point Could Be Added to it’s Argument? They don't have to spend $300 million.  They also mentioned closing two other barely-used hospitals when they opened this one, but if those two are doing okay then opening a new one for something around the range of $100 million should do wonders.
List Any Examples of Propaganda, Bias, or Faulty Reasoning That You Found in this Article/Presentation:  Obviously they are trying to stop their tax dollars from going into something that would be pointless, without bringing up the fact it's their tax dollars.  It is a good idea to not spend so much, but most people wouldn't see it that way, so they are making their point in a somewhat indirect way.
